 





API Monogram Certification Consultancy | End-to-End Services













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote




















API MONOGRAM PRODUCT LICENSE
API Monogram Certification Overview
The API Monogram is a voluntary licensing program designed to facilitate the consistent manufacturing of product that conforms to API standards.
Get Quote




Schedule a call







Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up


















 Our Delighted API Customers Globally
































































 Enhance manufacturing efficiency with API Monogram Product License
Vegas Consulting understand how to design, develop, implement, and prepare your organization for API Monogram certification from the scratch. Our assured consulting approach ensures your management system get API Monogram certified by American Petroleum Institute.

Our Consultancy Process 









Preparation










Documentation










Implementation










Internal Audit










Certification





















Your browser does not support HTML5 video.




Your Path to API Monogram Success
Vegas Consulting helps your organization develop processes, design & package from start to finish in your API Monogram journey.
Deliver Quality Results and Assured Consulting Approach has been designed by subject matter experts and comes preconfigured with agile methods, tools, design plan, frameworks, quality policies & controls, actionable documentation and guidance to meet API Monogram certification requirements
















FOR ORGANIZATION
Questions to examine before applying API certification
The American Petroleum Institute offers a wide range of standards for oil and gas industries as well as quality registrations for various management systems. It is essential to understand the scope/categories and how can help your organization when deciding to apply for certification. Here are some questions to think about:



Is my organization/facility a manufacturer or a service provider?
What products or services would like my facility to offering in the future?
Can we afford to apply for certification from API? Or, most importantly, can we afford not to get certified?





Do we want a management system to address any important environmental or health and safety requirements?
What do my suppliers need?
How well does my facility currently meet industry requirements?





What services does my organization currently supplying?
What are my customers asking me in terms of certifications?






Invest in your future by improving your business. Our Monogram certification consulting has helped many clients achieving long-term success. We guarantee your management system to meet API Monogram certification requirements.

Talk to Us


















Market world-class quality products, prevent defects, and build customer confidence
The API Monogram Program gives licensed manufacturers an opportunity to mark conforming product so that it is easily recognizable and identifiable in the field. The product  licensee must implement, maintain and continually improve their quality management system to meet the oil and gas industry’s quality management system specification, API Spec Q1. The API Monogram Licenses are only issued after an on-site audit has verified that the facility meets the program requirements.
The Licensees are required to maintain continued management system conformity to API Spec Q1 as well as the product standard and program requirements. In order for a license to remain active, the licensee must go through a renewal audit after each 3 year period. All licensees, licensing information and licensing statuses are identified on the API Composite List, an on-line directory.




















What is the procedure for apply API Monogram Certification?
To obtain API Monogram License, an organization must have a documented effectively functioning quality management system in place. API Spec Q1 integrated with applicable API Product Specification listed by API Monogram Program.

Your organization should implement and maintain API Spec Q1 for at least four months
A detailed internal audit covering compliance of all the clauses of API Q1 & Monogram
Your organization should perform and document a management review
Scope including the justification QMS exclusions if applicable
Validated design package if your products are listed under API advisory 6


















Benefits of API Monogram Certification
Obtaining API Monogram License through API, you can increases the marketability and brand recognition of your company’s products and gain competitive advantage when selling your products to the global market.




API monogram on your products
Increased brand recognition





Increase global marketability
Win more sales and bids





Increase customer satisfaction
Create efficient processes










					What makes us different
				

					Using our compliance consulting solutions, our clients can meet regulatory requirements while optimizing their operations and enhancing their customer experiences. Compliance frameworks and risk management expertise allow us to provide tailored solutions that minimize risk, increase efficiency, and enhance customer trust.
				



Setup Stages
Configure stages based on your manufacturing and organization workflow.






Transparency
Design, implement, and update project & work activities at each milestone.






Review
Validate & improve the internal, external quality process and product performance.






Success
Supercharge your compliance with our powerful API Monogram program.
























 



Why You Choose API Monogram Consultant











API Monogram Product Specifications
API Monograms are highly recognized across the world as the seal of approval for quality and reliable product performance. There are more than 70 Product Specifications for which American Petroleum Institute offers API Monogram License.
Get Quote
View Specification List
















API Monogram Licensing Process







 Application Submission 




Below are the minimum requirements before you submit an application to API for API Monogram Program:

 Availability of Quality Manual, describing scope of manufacture and identification and justification of exclusions taken. Quality Manual shall meet other requirements as specified in API Spec Q1 (clause 4.4.1(b).
 Completed API Sec Q1 conformity matrix
 Establishing, maintaining and implementing a documented QMS (Quality Management System) meeting the applicable requirements of API Spec Q1 and product specification for at least four months.
 A full system audit has been performed.
 A management review has been conducted.
 Availability of the authorised copy of latest edition of the API Product Specification(s) for which you are applying licensing.
 Availability of applicable validated design package(s).

Applications are accepted by API online along with the applicable monogram fees, by using the “myAPI Login” found at https://my.api.org/








 Application Review 




On receipt of your completed application, API will review your submitted documents (including application form, quality manual and conformity matrix). If the application documentation does not meet the stated requirements, API notify the deficiencies to you for providing further clarifications and/or re-submission of document(s).








 Auditor Assignment 




On acceptance of your application, API will assign an API auditor to schedule an on-site audit at a time mutually convenient to your organisation and the designated API auditor. API will provide relevant information regarding preparation of your on-site audit








 On-Site Audit 




 API audit team will perform the on-site audit as per agreed scheduled. During the audit, API auditor(s) will verify the capability of your organisation to meet monogram program requirement.
Audit team leader will prepare a detailed report, with list of non-conformances reviewed with your representative(s) during an exit interview. The report along with the reported non-conformances will be available at your ‘myAPI Login’ for review and necessary action.








 Audit Review 




You will provide the correction, root cause analysis and corrective actions for the reported nonconformities. API will review the objective evidences obtained during the audit along with the responses submitted against the NCRs. Decision to issue the license by API is based on the verification of conformance with API quality standards and API Monogram Program requirements.








 Initial Licensing 




A successful evaluation of your QMS and satisfactorily passing the on-site audit by API through its designated auditors shall be the basis for issuance of Monogram License(s).








 Renewal and Surveillance Audits 




 Your license evaluation is a continued process with on-site renewal audit required every three years and surveillance audits at least once every calendar year. The frequencies can be shorten as the discretion and as determined by API.
In the interim there may be unscheduled periodic or for-cause re-audits, at the sole discretion of API.
Following these audit(s), API shall decide any required further action, which could include notification of suspension or cancellation, or a follow-up, or a re-audit may be required.




















Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Monogram certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients
























Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























