 





APIQR & Monogram Program | Assured Consulting Approach













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote





















API CONSULTANCY
APIQR Monogram Program
We have the best tailor-made consultancy services for API Spec Q1, Q2 & Monogram, for small entrepreneurial firms to large multinational corporations.
Get Quote
View Brochure





Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up


































API Quality Registrar & Monogram Consultancy
We have the best tailor-made consultancy services for API Spec Q1, Q2 & Monogram, for small entrepreneurial firms to large multinational corporations. Annually it has been estimated more than 4,000 businesses in 100+ countries are being authorized to use API Q1, Q2 & API Monogram and show the world what they have to offer them. The companies being compliant to API Spec Q1, Q2 and Monogram are globally accepted as the products or services offered by the API certified facility meets industry-written standards.
API Spec Q1, Q2 & Monogram certification offered by API (American Petroleum Institute). API Q1 and Q2 certification are fast becoming the industry quality standard within the petroleum and natural gas industry. Organization certified to API Spec Q1 and API Spec Q2 or API Monogram helps to improve their efficiency and cost-effectiveness of the operations. We at Vegas Consulting can help organisations in achieving API Q1, Q2, and monogram certification with the guidance of a proven consulting approach.

















Consultancy For API Q1, Q2 & Monogram Program
Vegas Consulting Group established globally specializing in consulting, training, implementation, and engineering organisation, providing total quality solution to the petroleum and natural gas industry.
We are one of the most reputed and preferred API Spec Q1, Q2, and Monogram consultancy across the world. Our quality of API consulting service has made us prominent in the field covering The Americas, MENA, Europe, Asian countries. Organizations looking to obtain API consultancy and searching for an API certification consultant, please contact us for end-to-end services.
We assist your organization to achieve API Q1, Q2, and Monogram certification. Our API certification consultant can help to start from the application package to the time you receive your certification. We at VCG will increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of your workforce and help to achieve on-going compliance with your organization.























Monogram Consultancy


API Monogram Certification is a self-registering program designed to facilitate orgininzation to consistently manufacturing the products used in the Oil and Gas industry offered by American petroleum Institute. API Monogram supports organisations manufacturing companies that operates by manufacturing of product that adheres to API Specifications. API Monogram program adds value to the manufactured product and facilitates only the licensed manufactures to make use of this advantage and avail certification. Also licensee can demonstrate that they are certified with the industry-leading quality management standard API Spec Q1. Avail API Monogram License consulting by Vegas and acquire API Spec Q1, which meets all the ISO 9001 criteria along with the oil and natural gas industry standards. We are one of the industry’s leading API Monogram consulting service provider.
API Monogram is highly recognized across the world as the seal of approval for quality and reliable product performance.























APIQR Consultancy


APIQR is a Quality Registrar Program, helps businesses to register their management system to avail APIQR certification by their standards compliance to API Spec Q1, API Spec Q2, ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001. Through APIQR certification, the registered organizations can showcase that they stick to the industry standards and operate in conformance with their registered management system.
API Spec Q1 Certification - Specification for quality management system requirements for manufacturing organizations for the Oil and Gas industry.
API Spec Q2 Certification - Specification for quality management system requirements for service supply organizations for the Oil and Gas industry.
Vegas Consulting offer API consultation includes training, implementation, gap analysis, documentation, internal audits, supplier audits, product audits, process audits. Our consultation approach is highly professional, time-bound, and effective resulting in the ease of implementation and adds value to the business processes of the client's organization.










Please contact us for any query and also get more information about the American Petroleum Institute Certification consultancy requirement from Vegas Consulting.



*Disclaimer
We engage of our qualified consultant for providing consultancy services including documentation, training, and implementation of QMS, lead to certification. Vegas is not involved or represents API directly or indirectly for any of its audits & certification issuance services.













Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Spec Q2 certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients




















Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























