 





API Q1 Certification | API Consultancy Solutions | End-to-end Support













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote




















QMS FOR MANUFACTURING ORGANIZATIONS
API Spec Q1 Certification Overview
API Specification Q1 is the most prestigious certification and specification for quality management system requirements for manufacturing organizations for the petroleum and natural gas industry.
Get Quote




Schedule a call







Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up


















 Our Delighted API Customers Globally
































































Get certified easily
Achieve API Spec. Q1 Certification efficiently
Vegas Consulting understand how to design, develop, implement, and prepare your organization for API Q1 certification from the scratch. Our Assured Consulting Approach ensures your management system get API Q1 certified by American Petroleum Institute.








Preparation










Documentation










Implementation










Internal Audit










Certification









Get a Free Consultation














Your browser does not support HTML5 video.




Your Path to API Spec Q1 Success
Vegas Consulting help your organization create connected processes, from start to finish in your API Spec Q1 journey.
Our assured results method and proven API Spec Q1 certification consulting has been designed by subject matter experts and comes preconfigured with agile methods, tools, frameworks, quality policies & controls, actionable documentation and guidance to meet API Spec Q1 certification requirements.
Our Process
















FOR ORGANIZATION
Questions to examine before applying API Q1 certification
The American Petroleum Institute offers a wide range of standards for oil and gas industries as well as quality registrations for various management systems. It is essential to understand the scope/categories and how can help your organization when deciding to apply for API Q1 certification. Here are some questions to think about:



Is my organization/facility a manufacturer or a service provider?
What products or services would like my facility to offering in the future?
What are my customers asking me in terms of certifications?





Do we want a management system to control the product & process confirmance
Do we have a verified design package for my facility?
Can we afford for certification from API? Or, can we afford not to get certified?





Is your organization manufacturing? Click here to see the list of API Monogram Licenses.
How well is the supplier risk & critically controlled?
How well does my facility currently meet industry requirements?






Invest in your future by improving your business. Our API Spec Q1 certification consulting services has helped many clients achieving long-term success. We guarantee your management system to meet API Q1 certification requirements.

Talk to Us




















Prevent defects, waste reduction, deliver world-class services and grow your business
The 10th edition of API Specification Q1, a quality management system (QMS) standard, was published by the American Petroleum Institute (API) on September 18, 2023. This edition establishes new benchmarks for quality management within the sector, reflecting API's ongoing commitment to setting and improving standards in the industry. Organizations seeking approval to use the API Monogram mark on their products must comply with the API Spec Q1 and the applicable API product specification requirements.
Companies that either manufacture products to API specifications, or provide industry services not covered by an API standard, can apply for API Q1 certification. API also offers a dual certification with the ISO 9001 Standard.
If your organization adopts API Q1 quality management system, you can demonstrate a desire to supply the high-quality products to the petroleum, petrochemical and natural gas industry. Registered API Spec Q1 companies demonstrate to their customers that they have the ability to consistently provide high-quality products and manufacturing-related processes that address customer and legal requirements.





















Gain valuable insight into your quality, make smarter decisions faster, and achieve operational excellence
API Spec Q1 is a quality management system standard specifically designed for manufacturing organizations considering the needs of petroleum and natural gas industry. API Spec Q1 meets almost all of the ISO 9001 requirements, plus additional elements deemed valuable by the oil and natural gas industry. It is designed to promote reliability in the manufacturing sector of the petroleum and natural gas industry. 
API Spec Q1 certification is the basis for obtaining an API Monogram license for marking of various products used in the oil and gas industry. The API Spec Q1 is the combination of risk assessment and risk management. Obtaining API Q1 certification helps organization to continually focus less on risk management and commitment to ensuring a better quality, safety, and reliability.
Compared to the ISO 9001:2015 standard, API Spec Q1 offers no compromise. Every requirements or components are clearly placed to ensure that your quality management system is the best-in-class and fit for manufacturing products for use in petroleum and natural gas industries.


















Benefits of API Spec Q1 Certification
The objective of API Q1 certification is to outline the minimum requirements for the establishment of the Quality Management System that provides for continual improvement, emphasizes defect prevention, and strives to minimize variation and waste from manufacturing organizations. It is designed to promote reliability in the manufacturing sector of the petroleum and natural gas industry.




Fulfill needs of oil and gas industry and customer demands
Increase revenues and overcome your competitors
Strengthens the supply chain and increases manufacturing capacity





Increase product credibility with API and/or API Monogram License
Improve operations and reduce risks within the organization
Meet statutory and regulatory requirements





Create efficient and consistent processes across the organization
Improve operational efficiency, productivity, and product reliability
Develop a framework for future continual improvement









					What makes us different
				

					Using our compliance consulting solutions, our clients can meet regulatory requirements while optimizing their operations and enhancing their customer experiences. Compliance frameworks and risk management expertise allow us to provide tailored solutions that minimize risk, increase efficiency, and enhance customer trust.
				



Setup Stages
Configure stages based on your service supply organization workflow.






Transparency
Design, implement and update project & work activities at each milestone.






Review
Validate and improve the internal, external quality process and service performance.






Success
Supercharge your compliance with our powerful API Q1 consulting.


















SPECIFICATION - 09th EDITION
Scope of API Q1 certification
API Q1 certification, 09th edition specifies the requirements of the quality management system for organization to demonstrate their ability to consistently provide reliable products and manufacturing-related processes that meet customer and legal requirements.
API Q1 limits the sections of the standard that are applicable for exclusion. Furthermore, such exclusions cannot affect the organization’s ability, or responsibility, to provide products and related servicing that meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements. Exclusions are limited to the following sections:








 



Why You Choose API Q1 Consultant




















5.4, Design and development;
5.7.1.2, Servicing;
5.7.1.5, Validation of processes for production and servicing;
5.7.5, Customer-supplied property;
5.8, Control of testing, measuring, and monitoring equipment;













Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Spec Q1 certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients
























Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























