 





API Auditing Services - Internal, Product & Supplier Audits













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote





















API CONSULTANCY
API Auditing Services
Our pool of auditors have audited and assessed quality systems at facilities employing from ten to more than twenty thousand workers in over 20 different countries.
Get Quote
View Brochure





Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up































API & ISO Auditing Services
Our pool of auditors have audited and assessed quality systems at facilities employing from ten to more than twenty thousand workers in over 20 different countries. This experience, along with a thorough understanding of the various standards, ensures prompt, accurate and beneficial results to our customers.
Vegas Consulting provides services for supplier, manufacturing, and quality capabilities to ensure that suppliers maintain the quality standards of you and your customers by verifying that equipment and materials conform to contractual specifications. Supplier survey includes the check on experience, technical resources, production capacity, quality control procedures and systems.
Please call our office or write to our business management executives at admin@vegascg.com to learn more about how Vegas Consulting can assist your organization achieves API Audit Services.

Our Auditing Services Encompass The Following Types Of Audits:

Internal Audit
Internal auditing is an independent, objective assurance and consulting activity designed to add value to and improve an organization's operations.
The Internal audits, are essential for an organizations certified to API standard or specification, or in the process of certification, are required to conduct internal audits at periodic intervals, evaluate and improve the effectiveness of management system and its control.

Product and Monogram Audit
A product audit is an assessment of the final product or service to determine its suitability for use, evaluated against the intended purpose. Our expert auditors can assess your organization's compliance with applicable monogram specifications during the manufacturing process. The product audit covers all critical factors that could impact the product, such as purchasing, engineering, and design.
Our product and monogram audit process ensures a thorough inspection of the final product before delivery to a supplier or customer. 

Supplier Audit
Our second party audit solutions ensure you that your organization and partners are maintaining and improving the quality standards you have set for them. Our auditors not only develop the specific industry and business knowledge relevant to your organization but are also immediately operational at a fraction of the cost it would take to develop equivalent internal resources.

Gap Assessment Audit
With our professional gap assessment team, we help organizations to identity areas for improvement and bridge the gaps between their current state and their desired future state. At Vegas Consulting Group, our gap assessment services offer a risk-free method for evaluating your current state in relation to your future objectives. We leverage both national and international standards to enhance your organization's performance.
Wherever you are located, in as many locations as you may need, our auditors will challenge themselves to deliver that extra benefit that has made Vegas CG the most second party audit company.
Protect your organization’s services, brands, and reputation by monitoring the adherence of your vendors to your quality requirements.



Call our expert auditors  for an assessment of your organization in-line with Vegas Consulting business excellence model, developed for the Oil & Gas Industry. Listen to the experts to decide on your line of action.









Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Spec Q1 certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients




















Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























