 





API Q2 Certification Consultancy | Premium Services | Latest Edition













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote





















QMS FOR SERVICE SUPPLY ORGANIZATIONS
API Spec Q2 Certification Overview
API Specification Q2 is the most advanced certification and specification for quality management system requirements for service supply organizations for the petroleum and natural gas industry.
Get Quote




Schedule a call






Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up




















 Our Delighted API Customers Globally








































API Spec Q2 QMS
Achieve API Spec Q2 certification efficiently
Vegas Consulting understand how to design, develop, implement, and prepare your organization for API Spec Q2 certification from the scratch. Our Assured Consulting Approach ensures your management system get API Q2 certified by American Petroleum Institute.








Preparation










Documentation










Implementation










Internal Audit










Certification









Get a Free Consultation 














Your browser does not support HTML5 video.




Your Path to API Spec Q2 Success
Vegas Consulting help your organization create connected processes, from start to finish in your API Spec Q2 journey.
Deliver Quality Assured Results and Proven API Spec Q2 Consulting has been designed by subject matter experts and comes preconfigured with agile methods, tools, frameworks, quality policies & controls, actionable documentation and guidance to meet API Spec Q2 certification requirements.
Our Process
















FOR ORGANIZATION
Questions to examine before applying API certification
The American Petroleum Institute offers a wide range of standards for oil and gas industries as well as quality registrations for various management systems. It is essential to understand the scope/categories and how can help your organization when deciding to apply for certification. Here are some questions to think about:



Is my organization/facility a manufacturer or a service provider?
What products or services would like my facility to offering in the future?
Can we afford to apply for certification from API? Or, most importantly, can we afford not to get certified?





Do we want a management system to address any important environmental or health and safety requirements?
What do my suppliers need?
How well does my facility currently meet industry requirements?





What services does my organization currently supplying?
What are my customers asking me in terms of certifications?






Invest in your future by improving your business. Our API Spec Q2 certification consulting has helped many clients achieving long-term success. We guarantee your management system to meet API Q2 certification requirements.

Talk to an Expert





















Prevent defects, waste reduction, deliver world-class services and grow your business
API Spec Q2 certification, 1st Edition was published in December 2011 by the American Petroleum Institute - Specification for quality management system requirements for service supply organizations for the petroleum and natural gas industry. The API Spec Q2 standard is to reduce risk and improve service quality by identifying and standardizing the expectations for the execution of critical activities such as well construction, intervention, production, well servicing, repairing of equipments and maintenance, and inspection activities of the oil and gas industry.
The API Spec Q2 certification outlines the requirements of (QMS) quality management system for an organization to reveal its potential to consistently provide service supply that meet customer, legal and other applicable standard requirements.
The API Q2 certification is a world’s most advanced industry certification standard for oil and natural gas service providers. API Spec Q2 is developed in the way to help the oil and natural gas owners to implement and to maintain the most advanced industrial practice. Namely the organization involved in “drilling and related service” who follow in compliance with the local and legal requirements can move forward to implement and achieve API Spec Q2 certification.





















Gain valuable insight into your services, make smarter decisions faster, and achieve operational excellence
Obtaining API Spec Q2 certification ensures that organization has highest commitment and controls for delivering confirming services to the operators in the oil and gas industry as well as a commitment toward quality improvement, greater operational efficiency, increased profitability, safety, compliance, customer satisfaction and retention.
To achieve API Spec Q2 certification, an organization must have robust API QMS procedures established within the organization to ensure personnel competency, risk assessment, contingency planning, and other key QMS elements.
API Spec Q2 standard encourages the integration of a process approach into the application of specific clauses when developing, implementing and improving the effectiveness of API Q2 quality management system. It can be used by both internal and external organizations, including certification bodies, to evaluate the organization's capacity to adhere customer and legal requirements applicable to the service sector industry.


















Benefits of API Spec Q2 Certification
The objective of API Q2 certification is to outline the requirements for the establishment of the Quality Management System that provides for continual improvement, emphasizes defect prevention, and strives to minimize variation and waste from service supply organizations. It is designed to promote reliability in the service sector of the petroleum and natural gas industry.




Emphasizes defect prevention
Consistency outcomes
Controlled purchase process
Increases customer satisfaction





Minimize variation
Risk mitigation
Reduction in NPT & Injuries
Reduces risks of service





Strengthens the supply chain
Improved communication
Critical aspects & impacts identification
Increases credibility in the market










					What makes us different
				

					Using our compliance consulting solutions, our clients can meet regulatory requirements while optimizing their operations and enhancing their customer experiences. Compliance frameworks and risk management expertise allow us to provide tailored solutions that minimize risk, increase efficiency, and enhance customer trust.
				



Setup Stages
Configure stages based on your service supply organization workflow.






Transparency
Design, implement and update project & work activities at each milestone.






Review
Validate and improve the internal, external quality process and service performance.






Success
Supercharge your compliance with our powerful API Q2 consulting.


















SPECIFICATION - 2nd EDITION
Scope of API Q2 certification
API Q2 certification, 2nd Edition aimed at service supply organizations which provide equipment and services with the service responsibility remains with the supplier. API Q2 application does not set any limitation for the organization as it can also be used for service organizations involved in service exploration and production service providers servicing the oil and gas industry.









 



Why You Choose API Q2 Consultant


















The API Q2 certification major controls for:



Risk Assessment and Management
Contingency Planning
Management of Change
Service-Related Product
Supplier Criticality
Service Quality Plans













Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Spec Q2 certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients




















Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























