 





Frequently Asked Questions about API Certifications - Vegas Consulting













































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote






















API FAQ



 What is API Spec Q1 




API Spec Q1 is published by The American Petroleum Institute (API). API Spec Q1, is a quality management system specification for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry. API Spec Q1, is similar to standards such as ISO 9001, but API Spec Q1 is industry-specific. 
If your organization manufactures of machines/perform repairs for parts and equipment used by the petroleum and natural gas industry, you may require to implementing an API Spec Q1 quality management system. Click here to find out more about API Spec Q1 Certification.








 What are the advantages of API Spec Q1?  




Obtaining API Q1 certification can provide organizations with numerous benefits as specified below:

Protects the reputation of a company
Better internal management
Reduce waste and improve efficiency
Increases customer satisfaction
Helps to create very efficient and consistent processes
Strengthens the supply chain
Increase revenues and overcome your competitors
Create a continual improvement culture
Globally recognized standard









 What is the latest version of API Spec Q1?  




The latest version of API Spec Q1 is the 10th Edition. This 10th edition was announced by API on September 18, 2023, and outlines the quality management system requirements for organizations providing products for the petroleum and natural gas industry.








 Consulting cost for API Spec Q1 Certification?  




The first factor to entails once following API Spec Q1 certification, is that it ought to be thought of as an investment, not a cost. An investment provides better ROI and will increase revenues as well as new client's acquisition.
The investment for consulting services to help an organization achieve API Spec Q1 certification, primarily revolves round the following variables:

Type and intricacy of products or services
How many sites
size of websites (square footage)
number of employees
do you design products
existing systems in place

Other investments to think about once following API Spec Q1 certification includes:

Travel expenses (If not local)
Time and labor required to implement the system

Without knowing the answers to those variables, it’s hard to provide an estimated investment. The best way to determine the investment for API Spec Q1 consulting services .








 How can Vegas Consulting help our organization achieve API Spec Q1 Certification? 




Vegas Consulting Group is a full service API Q1 consulting, auditing (internal & supplier), and training firm operated in globally with 17+ years of experience in helping organisations achieve results through their API Spec Q1 Certification.
We have an experienced team made of industry-specific API Spec Q1 consultant, auditor, technical writer and trainer to provide API Spec Q1 consulting services for organizations to achieve API Q1 certification. We help you to achieve API certified for any organization's working with us.








 What is quality management system? 




A quality management system is commonly referred to as a QMS, is a management system that is implemented in place to ensure that your organization establishes specific processes and procedures to consistently meet customer requirements, business objectives, and achieve customer satisfaction. A QMS is primarily based upon a quality management system standard such as ISO 9001:2015, API Spec Q1, API Spec Q2, API Monogram, and etc.








 Benefits of using an API Specification consultant? 




There are many benefits in using an API consultant. As consultants, we are specialists in API specifications Q1, Q2, and API Monogram. We provide consulting services for the Oil and Gas Industries achieve API certification and have mastered the process to certification.
Here are the benefits of using Vegas Consulting, as your API consultant:
Save Time
Many organizations contact us, after they’ve spent once in a while up to 2 years attempting to implement the API quality management system. We're usually able to get our clients certified within 4 – 5 months from start to finish.
Save Money
Time is money. If we're able to shorten the procedure for clients by using 19 months, we have saved our clients money. This may be calculated with the aid of the reimbursement you pay your internal team of workers over a 19 month period and the lack of productivity of their primary duties. We are also able to save our clients money, by reducing the number of journeys API may require to issue your certification.
Guaranteed Certification
We offer a 100% assure that your organization will get API certified. Our clients have already been certified by API, this means that our system approach has been vetted and established.
Continued Support
We continue to support our client’s management system, beyond their initial certification. Getting API certification, is simply the first step. A management system should be maintained and always improved to keep up with the ever-changing needs of industry and customers. Also, API specifications change on an average of each 5-10 years. As we attend specialized training and conferences regarding the cutting-edge changes, we are capable to bring that right again to our clients.








 What is API Spec Q2 




API Spec Q2 is published by The American Petroleum Institute (API). API Spec Q2, is a quality management system specification for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry. API Spec Q2, is similar to standards such as API Q1 and ISO 9001, but API Spec Q2 is industry-specific to service organization such as repair service, rental equipment, inspection, testing, drilling, cementing, etc.
If your organization provides services to the petroleum and natural gas industry, you may require to implementing an API Spec Q2 quality management system. Click here  to find out more about API Spec Q2 Certification.








 What are the advantages of API Spec Q2? 




Obtaining API Q2 certification can provide organizations with numerous benefits as specified below:

Improve operations and reduce risks
Protects the reputation of a company
Build compliance and traceability into processes
Better internal management
Satisfy customer demand for high quality and low cost
Quality will increase across the entire supply chain
Increase revenues and overcome your competitors
Globally recognized standard









 What is the current version of API Spec Q2? 




The current version of API Spec Q2, 1st edition was published in December 2011. The 1st edition introduces a major focus on defect prevention, waste reduction, and reliability of services.








 Consulting cost for API Spec Q2 Certification? 




The first factor to entails once following API Spec Q2 certification, is that it ought to be thought of as an investment, not a cost. An investment provides better ROI and will increase revenues as well as new client’s acquisition.
The investment for consulting services to help an organization achieve API Spec Q2 certification, primarily revolves round the following variables:

Type and intricacy of products or services
How many sites
Size of websites (square footage)
Number of employees
Do you design products
Existing systems in place

Other investments to think about once following API Spec Q2 certification includes:

Travel expenses (If not local)
Time and labor required to implement the system

Without knowing the answers to those variables, it’s hard to provide an estimated investment. The best way to determine the investment for API Spec Q2 consulting services.








 How can Vegas Consulting help our organization achieve API Spec Q2 Certification? 




Vegas Consulting Group is a full service API Q2 consulting, auditing (internal & supplier), and training firm operated in globally with 17+ years of experience in helping organisations achieve results through their API Spec Q2 Certification.
We have an experienced team made of industry-specific API Spec Q2 consultant, auditor, technical writer and trainer to provide API Spec Q2 consulting services for organizations to achieve API Q2 certification. We help you to achieve API certified for any organization’s working with us.








 What services would require for API Q2 certification? 




API Q2 applies to critical activities such as intervention, production, abandonment, well construction, well servicing, equipment repair and maintenance, and inspection activities.








 What is a service quality plan? 




Service quality plans are required for API Spec Q2. A service quality plan is a document that establishes procedures, resources, processes, and any required collection of activities identifying and controlling the quality requirements.








 Can API Spec Q2 and ISO 9001 be merged together into one system? 




Yes, both systems share common elements. Since API Spec Q2 is the more prescriptive of the two sets of quality requirements, complying with API Spec Q2 should be the initial focus, then adding any additional requirements of ISO 9001.








 What is the difference between API Q1 and API Q2? 




API Q1 requirements apply to manufacturing organizations, while API Q2 requirements apply to service supply organizations. Both of the specifications present requirements for quality management systems for the petroleum and natural gas industry.























Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























