 





#1 API Spec Q2 Consulting Services | 100% Success Rate | Expert Support


















































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote




















ADVANCED QUALITY AND DRIVE INNOVATION
Deliver World-Class
API Spec Q2 Consulting
Designed to help you in establishment a robust API Spec Q2 quality management system that can be easily implemented, maintained to the compliance and certification needs.
Get Quote




Schedule a call






Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up




















 Our Delighted API Customers Globally








































Optimize your operations efficiently
Ensure API Spec Q2 compliance with our consulting services
We create and develop more efficient workflows to connect your team, organize work, and streamline quality processes. Overcome all your governance and compliance challenges from our API Spec Q2 consulting services. 
Explore Consultancy Process 









Preparation










Documentation










Implementation










Internal Audit










Certification





















Your browser does not support HTML5 video.




Your Path to API Spec Q2 Success
Let us assist your organization in creating connected processes from start to finish on your API Specification Q2 journey.
Our API consulting firm offers a proven API consulting approach and an Assured Results Method that has been designed by subject matter experts to help organizations achieve API Specification Q2 certification. Our preconfigured agile methods, tools, frameworks, quality policies and controls, actionable documentation, and guidance ensure that our clients meet all API Spec Q2 requirements while achieving actionable results.
Our Process
















REAL-TIME AND PROVEN RESULTS
All your API Q2 consulting services in one place
Get professional and actionable insights to upgrade your process to excellence.



Creation of required documentation, including quality manual, procedures, work instructions, and forms
Implementation and monitoring
Data analysis
Preparation for an API Spec Q2 certification audit





Gap assessment and planning
Internal auditing
Process controls
Nonconformance closure
API Spec Q2 QMS maintenance





API Q2 Training
Management reviews
Continual improvement methods
Inspection and testing
Outsourced API Q2 quality manager or management representative


 

























"We are pleased to share that we achieved API Q2 certification after two cancellations. Thank you, Vegas Group, for guidance and support throughout the rigorous process."



- A Famous Drilling Company, Oman


















"We are excited to share that we have achieved API 6D license with the help of you guys. Your expertise and professionalism were evident every step of the way."



- Pipe industries-based company, Dubai
















"I had an outstanding experience with Vegas Consulting. They helped us establish a robust quality management system that met all API Spec Q1 standards. I would highly recommend their services."



- QHSE Manager, UAE based Manufacturing firm























See how our customers drive impact
Read more about our clients






















Benefits of choosing our API Spec Q2 consulting
Vegas Consulting can assist in the development and implementation of the API Spec Q2 quality management system to assure for its prompt and long-term success. We have acquired our APIQR program knowledge by being in the forefront of API Q2 management system best practices, specifically API Spec Q2 consulting support, for over 10 years and thousands of implementations in various oilfield industries




Helps to meet customer requirements
Maintains a better work culture
Guarantee quick implementation and turn-key deliveries





Reliably improves product quality
Reduced number of operational process defects
Helps to achieve 100% certification pass in API audit





Examines and restructures company processes
Implements ways to reduce waste and save money
Gain insights and best practices for business success









					What makes us different
				

					Using our compliance consulting solutions, our clients can meet regulatory requirements while optimizing their operations and enhancing their customer experiences. Compliance frameworks and risk management expertise allow us to provide tailored API Specification Q2 Consulting solutions that minimize risk, increase efficiency, and enhance customer trust. 
				



Setup Stages
Configure stages based on your service supply organization workflow.






Transparency
Design, implement, and update project & work activities at each milestone.






Review
Validate and improve the internal, external quality process and service performance.






Success
Supercharge your compliance with our powerful API Spec Q2 consulting.


















API SPEC Q2 SERVICES
Get a head start
Check out our wide range of consulting services for API Spec Q2 certification and processes. With our agile approach your journey to API Spec Q2 faster and greater confidence.








 



Why You Choose API Q2 Consultant

























Gap Analysis












Documentation












Training












Implementation












Internal Audit












Supplier Audit













Process Audit













Nonconformance Closure












API Q2 QMS Maintenance
















Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Spec Q2 certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients
























Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























