 





Best API Product Licensing & Monogram Consulting Services


















































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote




















API Monogram Consulting
Deliver World-class API Monogram Consulting
With our in-depth knowledge of all API specifications, we provide API Monogram Consulting services that helps manufacturers meet API’s rigorous quality standards.
Get Quote




Schedule a call






Sign up to Vegas CG
Registration takes less than a minute.



Name



Email



Contact Number



Company Name

Sign Up




















 Our Delighted API Customers Globally








































Boost your credibility
Hire our API monogram consulting services
We create and develop more efficient workflows to connect your team, organize work, and streamline quality processes. Overcome all your governance and compliance challenges from our API Monogram consulting services. 







Preparation










Documentation










Implementation










Internal Audit










Certification








Get a Free Consultation 















Your browser does not support HTML5 video.




Your Path to API Monogram License Success
Vegas Consulting help your organization create connected processes, from start to finish in your API Monogram journey.
Our API consulting firm offers a proven API consulting approach and an Assured Results Method that has been designed by subject matter experts to help organizations achieve API monogram license. Our preconfigured agile methods, tools, frameworks, quality policies and controls, actionable documentation, and guidance ensure that our clients meet all API monogram certification requirements while achieving actionable results.
Our Process
















REAL-TIME AND PROVEN RESULTS
All your API Monogram consulting services in one place
Get professional and actionable insights to upgrade your process to excellence.



Creation of required documentation
Implementation and monitoring
Data analysis
Continual improvement methods
Preparation for an API Monogram certification audit





Gap assessment and planning
Internal auditing
Process controls
Inspection and testing
APIQR and Monogram maintenance





Training
Management reviews
Design package and validation
Nonconformance closure
Outsourced API quality manager or management representative


 








 Monogram Program Requirements 




To obtain API Monogram license, an organization must have a documented effectively functioning quality management system in place.
API Spec Q1 integrated with applicable API Product Specification listed by API Monogram Program.
What is the procedure for apply API Monogram Certification:

Your organization should implement and maintain API Spec Q1 for at least four months
A detailed internal audit covering compliance of all the clauses of API Q1 & Monogram
Your organization should perform and document a management review
Scope including the justification QMS exclusions if applicable
Validated design package if your products are listed under API advisory 6









 Accepted QMS Exclusions 




API Spec Q1, 9th Edition allows few clauses of the standard that are applicable for exclusion as below.
Furthermore, such exclusions cannot affect the organization's ability, or responsibility, to provide products and related servicing that meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements. Exclusions are limited to the following clauses

5.4, Design and Development;
5.7.1.2, Servicing;
5.7.1.5, Validation of Processes for Production and Servicing;
5.7.5, Customer-Supplied Property;
5.8, Control of Testing, Measuring, and Monitoring Equipment;

The organization shall be required to provide evidence that excluded the scope of services does not affect meeting the requirements of API specification or other applicable standards.








 Design Binders 




All applicant meeting the requirements of API advisory 6 should hold a Design Package(s) to demonstrate compliance with design and development requirements fluffing the requirements of API Spec Q1. All API Monogram Licensing Program including design package for review during an audit.
What is Design Package / Design Binders?

Design – a detailed plan for a product(s).
Package – a collection of data put together.

The design package shall include a detailed plan for a product(s) which includes all the background documents, applicable API standards, and the instructions, procedures, specifications, drawings, process sheets, and process validation documents.
The API Monogram design package shall include design plans, input elements, output elements, evidence of review/verification and evidence of validation and changes performed on the design if required as per API Spec Q1.








 Monogram Application & Process 




 Application Submission
The applicant organization needs to satisfy the application requirements listed in Monogram Program Requirements, if any deficiencies is identified in the submitted application the issue to be resolved within one year of submission, failure to the same will withdraw the application.

Initial audit not performed within one year from the date of API audit application shall lead to withdrawn of application.
The initial audit shall only be set up when the application is accepted by API by the appointed API auditor.

 Licensing Information
 New Licenses:
Organization applying need to provide product details for each API Monogram License for which you are applying, as applicable to the API Specification(s). You can find product detail information for each Monogram License here. View List of API Monogram Licenses in API Product Specification Tab.
During the application a copy of Quality Manual to be uploaded in (in English), which thoroughly describes your QMS process. The Quality Manual must explicitly address all requirements identified in API Spec Q1, including the justification of executions.
Completed & approved copy conformity matrix to be uploaded as per API Spec Q1 9th Edition Conformity Matrix (in English).




























"We are pleased to share that we achieved API Q2 certification after two cancellations. Thank you, Vegas Group, for guidance and support throughout the rigorous process."



- A Famous Drilling Company, Oman


















"We are excited to share that we have achieved API 6D license with the help of you guys. Your expertise and professionalism were evident every step of the way."



- Pipe industries-based company, Dubai
















"I had an outstanding experience with Vegas Consulting. They helped us establish a robust quality management system that met all API Spec Q1 standards. I would highly recommend their services."



- QHSE Manager, UAE based Manufacturing firm























See how our customers drive impact
Read more about our clients






















Benefits of choosing our API Monogram consulting
Vegas Consulting can assist in the development and implementation of the quality management system for API Spec Q1 and API Monogram License to assure for its prompt and long-term success. We have acquired our API Monogram program knowledge by being in the forefront of API Product specifications, design package, best practices, specifically API Monogram consulting support, for over 10 years and thousands of implementations in various oilfield industries.




Helps to meet customer requirements and expectations
Maintains a better work culture to enhance business operations
Guarantee quick implementation and turn-key deliveries





Reliably improves product quality and create a demand-driven market
Reduced number of operational process defects
Helps to achieve 100% certification pass in API audit





Examines and restructures company processes & management team
Minimize waste of resources, time and costs
Gain insights and best practices for business success









					What makes us different
				

					Using our compliance consulting solutions, our clients can meet regulatory requirements while optimizing their operations and enhancing their customer experiences. Compliance frameworks and risk management expertise allow us to provide tailored solutions that minimize risk, increase efficiency, and enhance customer trust.
				



Setup Stages
Configure stages based on your manufacturing and organization workflow.






Transparency
Design, implement, and update project & work activities at each milestone.






Review
Validate and improve the internal, external quality process and product performance.






Success
Supercharge your compliance with our powerful API Monogram consulting.


















API Monogram Services
Get a head start
Check out our wide range of consulting services for API Monogram certification and processes. With our agile approach your journey to API Monogram License faster and greater confidence.








 



Why API monogram consultant

























Gap Analysis












Documentation












Training












Implementation












Internal Audit












Supplier Audit













Process Audit













Product & Monogram Audit












Design Package












API Monogram Nonconformance Closure












APIQR & Monogram License Maintenance












Outsourced QMS Manager / MR
















Start your journey today
100% of our clients achieve API Monogram certification first time

Get a Quote
View Our Clients
























Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























