 





Privacy Policy -










































































Vegas CG





Consultancy





Our Approach
Discover how we help Oil and Gas companies to achieve regulatory compliance and certification 



                          
						 Know the changes



By Certification






API Spec Q1 Consulting



QMS for manufacturing organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Spec Q2 Consulting



QMS for service supply organizations to the Petroleum and Natural Gas industry.










API Monogram Consulting



Designed to facilitate the consistant manufacturing of Product that confirms to applicable Oil Product Specifications.








Overview

API Spec Q1
API Spec Q2
API Monogram



Industry Expert

API Spec Q1 Consultant
API Spec Q2 Consultant
API Monogram Consultant











ISO Certification





Our Approach
Management systems certification lets organizations master the past, lead with the present and are ready for the future. 


- By Certifications

 ISO 9001:2015 Certification
 ISO 14001:2015 Certification
 ISO 45001:2018 Certification
 ISO 20121:2012 Certification
 ISO 50001:2015 Certification
 AS9100D:2018 Certification
 IATF 16949:2016 Certification
 ISO 39001:2012 Certification
 ISO 20000-1:2013 Certification
 ISO 27001:2013 Certification













Services




- By Services

 Consultancy
 Auditing
 Training
 Design and Engineering
 ISO Certification
 Inspection Testing
 NC Closure
 API QMS Maintenance




- By Sectors

 Oil and Gas




- By Workflow

 API Consultancy Process













Company





 About Us





 Contact Us





 Blog















contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7933 8455







































Get a Quote





















Privacy Statement

















Commitment to Privacy
We appreciate your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information you provide to us. When you provide us with your personal data, you consent to us processing all such personal data as set out in the privacy statement. Please read this privacy statement carefully and revisit this page from time to time to review any changes that we may have made.
Even though we take appropriate technical steps to protect your security, you should remember that data transmission over the internet cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure so you use the website at your own risk.

Personal Data
We keep personal data upon contacting us to provide you with a quotation or subscription. This data will be held securely on our systems, so we can contact you back in the future.
You have the right to ask for a copy of your data held by us in return for which you may be charged a small administration fee. You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data or remove your details altogether.

Why Do We Collect Your Personal Information?
We collect information to help manage the services we provide; we will contact you about the following:



Important information relevant to your certification, such as invoices, audit dates, plans and reports





Industry updates that could affect your certification

 


Vegas Consulting products, services, offers, and promotions






The Type of Information Do We Have?




The information we have about you is limited to only what we need to provide our services effectively.

This information includes:



Your name, work e-mail address and work phone number





Your company’s address

 


Your company registration number






A description of what your company does





A record of any written communications





How Do We Get Your Information?




We only collect the information you provide us during contact.
For example, when you:



Enquire about ISO certification





Enquire about training

 


Onsite during assessment visits





Who Do We Share Your Data With?




ISO Certification – we will share your data with our regulator for our accreditation and a third party satisfaction review company.
How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we will only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
If your certification is suspended or withdrawn, we will keep your personal data until the end of the next certification cycle as per our agreement with our regulator. After this time, it will be permanently deleted.
If you enquire about our services, but don’t go ahead with them, we will keep your personal data for one month from the last contact before permanently deleting it.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind, we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology. Access to your personal data is password-protected.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.



Contact Us
If you want to know more about how we use your information or to raise any queries with us in relation to your information, you can contact us.
















Vegas Consulting was designed to help oil and gas companies achieve API quality management system and compliance quickly and with affordable cost.














Get in Touch
#309, 2nd Floor, Al Reyami Bld, Al Karama, Dubai, UAE.

contact@vegascg.com
UAE: +971 52 777 3484
OMN: +968 7816 2828
INDIA: +91 90420 64300
SG: +65 9457 0514







More Information

About Us
API Consultancy
ISO Certification
Inspection & Testing
Blog
Contact
Careers







Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to get standard updates and trends.







Email Address





 
















Copyright © 2023 Vegas Consulting Group.

API FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer




























